{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20\par
\b\par
Mission 1\b0\par
\b "Core Competencies"\par
\b0\par
\cf1\i Mission Setup.\par
In which, Andy (Player) is instructed on the basics of the game. Building, Mining Galaxite, Scouting, Use of Mini map, Attacking.  Its revealed that OMNI inc have arrived on Icarus sometime before ACME. Jana (Andy's Sister) has been planetside as part of an advanced scouting party. Andy is commander one of several ACME Galaxite Mining bases, it's his first field experience.  The ACME colonoy ship Persephone is in high orbit above Icarus where Olstrom (Andy and Jana's Divisional Vice President) is.  Olstrom knows Andy as a rising star of his division, but his tone in the early part of the game should reflect the distance in senority between the low level Andy and the Executive Olstrom. As the missions progress and Andy's rank increases it would be good to have the tone change appropriatly, so that by the end of the game its clear Andy is Olstrom's #1 guy. \par
\par
Notes: Key concepts.\par
It's important people understand what a Dominion is for Mission 2. \par
It's important people understand how to deploy a Dominion and where to 'go' to order additional structures. \par
It's important people understand the mini map\par
Its important people understand the importance of 'power'\par
Its important people understand the need to Store Galaxite \par
\cf0\i0\par
\par
@OAndy, I'm deploying you to a safe galaxite rich area on the Surface of Icarus. Jana will instruct you on setting up a galaxite mining base with our new equipment. Collect 3500.00 Credits worth of galaxite.\par
@JHey Andy, On your Remote Control Display you should see a birds-eye view of your 'Dominion', a mobile Headquarters or (MHQ).  Dark areas of the map will be revealed to you as your units explore them.\par
@JSelect any unit by tapping on it and then tap again where you want it to go. For practice, move the MHQ a little distance north.\par
@JNow you can direct the MHQ to transform into a HQ. This building is important as it enables the construction of other types of buildings and units. Tap and hold the pen on the MHQ then Select Transform from the popup menu.\par
@JGood! Notice the power indicator at the upper-left of the display. HQs have just enough power for their own operation. To support other buildings you're going to need more power. Notice in the upper left of the display the credits indicator, this is how much money you have. You've enough credits to  construct a Power Generator.\par
@JTo order new buildings, tap and hold on the HQ and select build from the popup menu. Then tap on Power Generator and the build button.\par
@JPosition the Power Generator by tapping on the placement indicator and dragging it to where you want it. If the location is valid a check will appear. Tap the check to finalize placement.\par
@JExcellent! Plenty of power. Now you're ready to order a Galaxite Processor and begin mining! Tap-hold on the HQ and follow the same procedure as for the Power Generator, this time ordering a Galaxite Processor.\par
@JEach Galaxite Processor comes with a G-4 Bullpup mining vehicle which will gather Galaxite and deliver it to the Processor for processing. Credits accrue as Galaxite is processed. You can direct the Bullpup to a particular patch of Galaxite by tapping it and tapping on the desired Galaxite.\par
@JLet's mine 3500 Credits worth of Galaxite to be sure all the kinks are worked out of the system.\par
@JLooks like you've consumed all the nearby Galaxite. Explore the map with your units to locate more. In the bottom right of the screen you will see a mini map, the white rectangle represents your current view. You can move the rectangle to adjust where you want to look on the map, Try it.\par
@JYour Galaxite Processor is full but you haven't reached your 3500 Credit quota yet. Use the HQ to build a Warehouse to store more Galaxite.\par
@ODammit Andy! You don't even have your HQ established yet? Maybe this is too much responsibility for you.\par
@OUnbelievable! You managed to sabatoge the simplest of missions. We can't afford to let this happen again. You're fired!\par
@O Andy, Urgent news, long range scans from up here in orbit reveal an unkonwn force not far from your location, moving toward you. Build a human resource center (HRC) some security gaurds and proceed to check it out.  The unknown force is North East of your current base, this doesnt look good. \par
@JWhilst we are waiting for the miner to collect, you should explore your surroundings a bit more. In the bottom right of the screen you will see a mini map, the white rectangle represents your current view. You can move the rectangle to adjust where you want to look on the map, Try it.\par
@AIve detected a convoy of OMNI Corp units down here, what should I do?\par
@OOh no, I dont belive it, OMNI got here before us, Icarus was supposed to be our secret. Andy..we cant let them get a foothold here on Icarus, build several security gaurds at your HRC and wipe the OMNI forces out quickly.\par
@J Your security gaurds, and Eagle scout vehicles can be used to attack enemies. Simply select your units and click on the enemy you want to attack. \par
@OExcellent, good job getting the galaxite, and it looks like you know how to handle yourself in combat too.  Omni being here, changes everything. lets redeploy you closer to Jana's base. \par
\par
\par
\b Mission 2\b0\par
\b "Touching Base"\b0\par
\cf1\i\par
In which, Andy attempts to escort a Dominion to Jana's position. (We eventually get there in Mission 4). Olstrom who seems concerned about wasting time, does'nt really want you to deploy the domion, and wants you to avoid combat if possible.  The mission can be finsihed in 3 ways, not deploying the dominion involves taking out the power generators that power the towers, this can be done from the north or South of the map, though South is easier. Jana beckons you to help her, currently which should be omitted in the final pass. \cf0\i0\par
\par
@O Long range scans reveal more OMNI forces in this area, try to avoid a fight and escort this Dominion mobile base to Jana's location just beyond the east end of this Canyon.  If you run into combat then deploy the base and wipe out the OMNI forces quickly, and send some units east.\par
\par
@J Please hurry, OMNI forces are deploying nearby and I fear they are about to attack.\par
\par
@O I see you have deployed the base, thats unfortunate but probably unavoidable. Create a force and get some of the units to the East end of the canyon ASAP\par
\par
@O Good job getting here, now escort the dominion to this location.\par
\par
@O Amazing job, getting through unscathed, your quite the strategist. Nice work.\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 3\par
"Action Learning"\b0\par
\par
@O More reports are coming in more Omni forces are reported in the area blocking our path to Jana's base . Build a stike force and wipe them out.  There is a rich seam of galaxite in this region, after destroying them  mine 5000 credits of Galaxite. I'll be considering you for a promotion if you can accomplish this quickly. \par
\par
@O Complete failure, they where pretty aggresive I'll give you that, but your performance in this mission was less than satisfactory. I've seen you can do better than this!\par
\par
@O Incredible, your fast becoming the best mining specialist, ACME has seen in a good long while, Hell you even remind me a bit of myself in my youth. I'm promiting you two levels and giving you a massive number of stock options. Under my guidance you will go far!.\par
\par
@O Pretty impresive, I'm starting to belive you might have the right stuff to make it in this company. I'm giving you a single level increase and some stock options. Keep up the good work\par
\par
@O Ok, that wasnt the fastest I've ever seen, nor the slowest but there is certainly some room for improvement in your combat strategies. I'll consider you for a promotion next time.\par
\par
@O Yes, well you've got some improvments to make, but on the whole that was satisfactory.  You need to be slightly more aggressive in offense and your resource colelction was a little on the cautious side.  No promotion for you unless we see some improvement.\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 4\par
"Point of Contact"\par
\b0\par
@O Jana is surrounded and under siege from a sizable OMNI force, she has lost her HQ and won't last long without your help. Your orders, break through to her position, deploy your dominion inside the walled base and wipe out all the surrounding OMNI forces. Good Luck!\par
\par
@J Thankyou brother, we couldnt have held out much longer. We've discovered an Alien Monolith down here, and are attempting to decipher the glyphs on its surface to find out more about the civilization that created it.  Build up the base and wipe out the OMNI forces surrounding us so I can continue the research.\par
\par
@OThanks to your incompetence, weve lost our foothold on Icarus, all is lost.\par
\par
@OExcellent, we finally have a good foothold on Icarus, thanks to you. Great work. I'll let Jana brief you on the nature of the Monolith weve discovered.\par
\par
@J Andy, the runes on this monolith, tell of a civilization of aliens that inhabited this place many eons ago. The runes reference all sorts of things that our translators can make no sense of, but one thing that seems clear, is that the monolith was designed to warn whomever found it about the danger of a weapon somehow built into this planet.  A fascinating find, My team and I are going to take a shuttle and investigate further.\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 5\par
"Personal Goals"\b0\par
@O Andy, Bad news.. Jana's shuttle has been shot down close to a large OMNI base, there is no contact with the shuttle. I'm deploying you to locate the wreck and rescue any surviors. Due to the proximity of the Omni base its better that you go in alone, be very careful.  I'll have an evac team standing by to extract you when you find them. \par
\par
@J Andy, thank goodness. I'm ok, but the rest of the crew were killed in the crash. I think OMNI targeted this shuttle knowing there's some critical data about the Alien super weapon located on the Shuttle's computer. I supect they are trying to find the crash site. \par
\par
@A  I'll call in the extraction team, I'll try and hold any OMNI units from getting to the Shuttle.\par
\par
@O The rescue force is on its way, there should be an advance group showing up shortly to help secure the crash site, ETA on the rescue is 10 mins, Dont let OMNI get to the crash site.\par
\par
@O You were killed, Jana was captured. \par
\par
@O Well done.\par
\par
@J Jana and the secrets of the monolith have been captured by OMNI forces. Mission Failed.\par
\par
\par
\cf1\i In which, Andy we first see the replicator. \par
\cf0\i0\par
\b Mission 6\par
"Embrace and Extend"\b0\par
@O Jana's advanced team established a R+D center before we arrived. Its ill suited to Defense, and we are running low on funds. Build the base up to withstand attacks, and start exploiting the local galaxite. Make sure and protect the R+D centers where Jana is working on finding the location of this alien 'Superweapon'. \par
\par
@O You lost the research center and Jana has been captured. I'm sorry Andy but we've lost too much time and resources pursuing Jana and her wild ideas about Alien weapons.   I recomend you concentrate on exploiting all the local galaxite and... @A No way, Olstrom! Jana's life is on the line, she's given 10 years to this corporation and I know she's on to something big. I'm going after her.\par
\par
@O WHAT!, I.. I don't expect my subordiantes to second guess executive orders, you will NOT try and rescue Jana, and you will MINE ALL THE GALAXITE!!! @A Your transmisson, is breaking up, your communications are totally corrupted, I hope you can read this, I will rescue Jana from the enemy base and try to report back.\par
\par
@O you lost the R+D center. \par
\par
@J Andy, they are holding me inside thier research center, see you soon.\par
\par
@A testing one two three... are you recieving this.... ?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         hello?. \par
\par
@O Don't play games with me.. I'm Glad Jana is ok, but your conduct was unacceptable.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 7\par
"Performance Improvement Plan"\b0\par
@O After that kind of conduct your career is on the line. I'm putting you on a Performance Improvement Plan, and sending you to the remote northern desert to mine Galaxite.  Get a big mining operation under way and mine 20000 credits of Galaxite.  We will use the money to broker a cease fire with OMNI. Don't screw this simple task up, your career with ACME is on the line. \par
\par
@O Ok, you've redeemed yourself slightly. The Free Radicals arent usually so bold, or this well organized.  This is a worrying development, we should probe the scale of their presence here. \par
\par
@A I've run into some units with the marking Free Radicals, seems the secret of Icarus is out. What should I do?\par
\par
@O What is it with you?, are you looking for trouble?.  The Free Radicals are an anarchic bunch of anti corporate activists, They will try to disrupt your activities, stay focused on the collecting the galaxite.  Building a large base with lots of units will only slow your progress. Attack them only if you think it will be cost effective. \par
\par
@O You lost everything, your career is in tatters, I'm replacing you with someone else.\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 8\par
"Hostile Takeover"\b0\par
@O Andy, we have located what we think is one of the main Free Radical base's on Icarus. The base is large but still under construction and doesnt appear to be well defended.  Due to budget concerns I'm deploying you personally with some takeover specialists to takeover thier base. You won't be able to build structures on this level, so use your raider's carefully. \par
\par
@O I'm sending you some more Raider units, they will arrive shortly. I won't be able to send you any more reinforcements so use them carefully.  \par
\par
@O Well done.\par
\par
@O You died. Mission Failure.\par
\par
@O You lost all the Raiders, and you have no way to finish the mission without more units. \par
\par
\par
\b Mission 9\par
"Limited Partnership"\b0\par
@OAndy, as I mentioned earlier we didnt come to Icarus to fight a war on two fronts. I've decided to make a deal with OMNI to cease hostilities and combine together to crush the Free Radical Menace. Omni forces will be your friends in this mission, build a base work with OMNI forces to crush the Free Radicals.\par
\par
@OExcellent, The Free Radical scum appear defeated, the loss of a base of this size will really hurt them.  Grab as much of the remaining galaxite before OMNI gets it, and report back when you're done. \par
\par
@O Arghhh! OMNI have gone back on thier word, several OMNI takeover specialists have taken over your headquaters and are hacking into ACME computers systems right now, looking for something about the "Limited Replicator".  Stop them at once, then take a big force and crush the treacherous bastards!, show no mercy.\par
\par
@OYou lost your headquaters, thats unacceptable incompetance, I'm replacing you, the mission is over.\par
\par
@OCongratulations Andy, that was an impressive show of force, and a decisive day for ACME security forces. Your becoming a formidable and respected leader, well done!\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 10\par
"Leak Prevention"\b0\par
@O  The Free Radicals are leaving Icarus. Intelligence reports a massive convoy of their remaining units trying to reach transport ships located at the north end of a canyon.  I'm transfering you and as many units as we can spare nearby. Dont let any of the Free Radical units get to through the canyon. A scout has located the point at the North of the map they will try to reach.\par
\par
@O   Oh one more thing, another of the Alien Replicators is located somwhere, see if you can find it, it maybe useful. \par
\par
@O Unacceptable, Free Radical units have gotten through the canyon to the dropships, this should have been a turkey shoot, you're relieved of active duty. \par
\par
@O Ok, that seems to be the last of them, there was a few more left than we had suspected. This should set them back many years, in there pitiful efforts to thwart big buisness and over exploitation of the environment. Great work!\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 11\par
"Taking Ownership"\b0\par
@O With the Free Radical menace gone, they have left some abandoned bases which OMNI are quickly taking over. I want you to personally escort a small force or Corporate raiders to an abandoned base, in the open desert.  Get the base quickly up and running and attack the local OMNI base.      \par
\par
@O Excellent work, very efficient.\par
\par
@O Andy, my most promising protoge... sad. Ah well, next....\par
\par
\b\par
Mission 12\par
\b0 "\b Damage Control"\par
\par
\par
\b0\par
\b Mission 13\par
\b0 "\b Strategic Summit"\b0\par
@O Extensive orbital survilance has finally located the main OMNI base on Icarus, its built onto the top of a mountain and looks incredibly well defended. We belive Fox is located in an HQ building in the Heart of this base. Your mission is to iinfiltrate the base and Capture that building taking Fox alive.\par
\par
@O You failed.\par
\par
@O argh you blew up the HQ\par
\par
@O Win nice work\par
\par
\par
\b Mission 14\par
"Bringing Closure"\b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 